2/22/2017 - Meeting with Miguel and Matt

Notes
	• We talked too much about general leadership stuff; Matt wanted us to get back on task :)
		○ Miguel was describing his thoughts around where we should put notes/docs
			§ Sponsorship stuff goes in the google sheet right now
			§ Sensitive stuff goes through email to the whole group
			§ Non-sensitive, member-facing stuff can and should go in the leadership repo
	• I just wanted it kind of ironed out where to put our notes
	• Miguel had some thoughts
		○ If you see a problem, fix it
		○ Don't change study group if it's not the problem
		○ Keep the study group docs in the study group repo (I will move them)
		○ Add my study group description to the main readme in the leadership repo
		○ Don’t want to make the study group channel less intimidating by lowering the high level js talk by the "experts"
		○ A lot of talk about making study group members feel comfortable
		○ A lot of talk about how Matt and I should facilitate learning, but not be the ones teaching
		○ A lot of this was in my notes already
	• Miguel also gave us a bit of a vision for the structure of our meetup group
		○ he has been contacting other like minded meetup groups across the US, so that we can share information about organizational structure
		○ He wants our organization to be a model that others can follow to have a successful user group meetup organization (hence why he wanted to get the documentation right, I believe...)
		○ Miguel also mentioned getting together with Brian in a Regular basis, to just bounce ideas off of each other, like after work on fridays at wolverines 
	• Matt mentioned talking with our "experts" before study group
	• We should welcome people who look a little lost as soon as they walk into study group
	• Maybe use a whiteboard to list out some of what we can/could do at study group

Todos:
	• Move docs to study group repo
		○ Split the leading study group notes into leading and also an ideas doc
		○ Modify notes to be more concise about how we lead the study group
	• Talk more with Matt on his thoughts and ideas going forward
